Update use cases for `height` and `weight` (#369)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-T17-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

<hr>

**System**: FitBook

**Use case**: UC05 - Adding/removing weight of a client

**Actor**: User

**MSS**

1. User requests to see a list of all clients.
1. FitBook displays a success message followed by the list of clients.

> 1. User views the list and enters the `weight` command to add/delete a weight value of a client.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/AY2324S2-CS2103T-T17-3/tp/assets/40649376/c8fff5dc-a349-4ebc-a796-7e8de9cd842b)

I think this might be too detailed for use cases

1. FitBook displays a success message indicating that the weight of a client has been modified successfully.
1. Use case ends

**Extensions**

* 3a. User enters an invalid command.
    * 3a1. FitBook alerts the user that the command is invalid and displays the correct format.
    * Use case ends.
* 3b. User wants to remove a weight value.

>     * 3b1. If there are weight values to be removed, FitBook displays a success message. Else, FitBook displays an error message indicating that there are no weight values to be removed.

Reviewer 2: Might want to indicate "latest weight" or something similar? Currently implying that more than one weight value will be removed.

<hr>

**System**: FitBook

**Use case**: UC05 - Modifying weight of a client

**Actor**: User

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to see a list of all clients

Reviewer: Let's standardise ending a sentence with full stops for all the Use Cases.

1. FitBook displays a success message followed by the list of clients

> 1. User views the list and enters the `weight` command to modify the weight of a client

Reviewer 3: Doesn't the weight command add a new weight instead? If modifying, i think it should be the `edit` command

1. FitBook displays a success message indicating that the weight of a client has been modified successfully.
1. Use case ends

**Extensions**

* 3a. User enters an invalid command
    * 3a1. FitBook alerts the user that the command is invalid and displays the correct format
    * Use case ends
* 3b. User enters a weight of '0' or does not enter a weight value
    * 3b1. FitBook removes the latest weight value of the client and displays success message that the latest weight value of the client has been modified successfully.

>     * 3b2. FitBook displays failure message indicating that there are no weight values to be removed from the specified client.

Reviewer: I think this should be merged with 3b1, as it's not a step that will occur every time a weight is removed.

    * Use case ends

<hr>

**System**: FitBook

**Use case**: UC06 - Searching for a weight/height range

**Actor**: User

**MSS**

1. User requests to see a list of all clients with a specified weight/height range
1. FitBook displays a success message followed by the list of clients
1. Use case ends

**Extensions**

* 2a. User enters an invalid command

>     * 3a1. FitBook alerts the user that the command is invalid and displays the correct format

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be 2a1?

Actually shouldn't the extension be for step 1 since that's the step where the user enters a command?

    Some commands require the use of unnecessary prefixes which might slightly inconvenience the user.

    For example, the `fitdelete` command currently has the format `fitdelete INDEX n/EXERCISE_NAME`. Removing the requirement of specifying the `n/` prefix will provide greater convenience to the user by requiring them to type less. Furthermore, it will address issues that come with specifying multiple `n/` prefixes.

1. **Show an error message on the GUI when JSON file is corrupted**

>    Currently, FitBook starts with an empty JSON file when a corrupted JSON file is being loaded upon startup. The user does not get notified on the GUI that the previous JSON file is corrupted, and only sees an empty client list on the FitBook GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Currently, FitBook starts with an empty address book when it tries to load a corrupted JSON data file. The user does not get notified in the GUI that the previous data file had been corrupted, and only sees an empty client list in the FitBook GUI.
```

>    We plan to show an error message to the user on the GUI when a corrupted file is being loaded, and inform the user that FitBook will start with an empty JSON file instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We plan to show an error message to the user in the GUI when FitBook detects a corrupted data file, and inform the user that FitBook will start with an empty client list instead.
```
